The
first
time
I
was
a
good
person
.
I'm a
good person.
I'm a good person.
Hello, the weather is fine.
I'm good.
The doctor has written a letter to me.
I'll take your reply.
Where are you now?
I'm in Hirabayashi.
What do you say?
I will forget.
Remember this.
Today is a good day.
This, this, this.
You don't need a sword.
Let's change it to a shouji.
What are you talking about?
You don't need a sword or a shouji.
If you leave it open, you'll be a bad person.
Don't say such a stupid thing.
Today is a good day.
You don't need a sword.
What are you talking about?
The king said yes.
No, no, the king said yes.
That's not right.
If you call your husband a king,
that's a waste.
You're saying something cute.
No, no, I'll forgive you today.
I'll forgive you today.
Today I'll forgive you.
Oh, you're right.
I'm sorry.
I don't have a house like this.
I use it like that.
I have a lot of money.
If you have a candle,
if you use it like this,
you'll be a good person.
You did a great thing.
You forgot the last name again.
If you ask me again,
I'll blow you out of your head.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
This is a bamboo shoot.
Thank you very much.
It's a bamboo shoot.
I'll be sorry if I'm wrong.
What is it?
Where is the bamboo shoot?
Bamboo shoots don't grow here.
Thank you very much.
I'll write this letter with a bamboo shoot.
Show me.
Children, this is a bamboo shoot.
No, it's not.
It's a bamboo shoot.